Accomplished the program planning, execution, quality control and UAT. Leveraging  MS Project and JIRA.
Coordinated a cross-functional team of 110+ people distributed across four locations (Krakow, St. Petersburg, Minsk, Gomel). Hired / fired / trained / coached  Software Engineers. Achieved consistent delivery team velocity.
Set up system design, software development, and QA processes, including functional design, UX design, integration design (including schedule for partners and dependencies), UI implementation, testing (automation, UI, functional, regression, security, performance). 
Established and enforced automated testing frameworks, deployment workflows, and CI/CD processes to ensure the quality and reliability of software products and reduce infrastructure-induced delays, resulting in a 44% improvement in testing efficiency and a more seamless software delivery process.
Drove technology innovation, efficiency improvements  and change management process. Implemented on demand AWS infrastructure and CI/CD. That reduced infrastructure caused delays by 44%.
Led changes to the customers enterprise architecture, content and data migration from legacy systems, and end user training.
Led research and data collection to identify real challenges and trends of the future System Architecture of computing, storage and network.
Developed and enforced automated testing frameworks to ensure proper testing of functional, performance, resilience, and system aspects.
Established release management and deployment workflow processes from development release through staging and production deployment.
Built and maintained roadmap for integrating omni-channel technologies into the Hybris Commerce platform.
Developed and implemented a comprehensive plan for improving operational efficiency within the organization, focusing on building infrastructure as code and automating the deployment process.
Mentored junior engineers and fostered a culture of engineering craftsmanship, emphasizing testing, continuous integration, and deployment.
Proactively identified and implemented optimizations and improvements to infrastructure and systems, driving efficiency and reliability.
Championed Agile adoption, optimizing efficiency, and achieving a 20% reduction in project timelines while enhancing customer satisfaction in a continuous deployment setting.
Implemented Release Train Engineering practices, driving agile transformation and fostering collaboration and efficiency across teams.
Established standard reports to provide concise and effective communications on program status, issues/risks, and accomplishments to key stakeholders.
Led the adoption of cloud-based deployments using containers, ensuring efficient and scalable software releases.
Led a multifunction team of Engineers to understand and assess customer requirements, prepare and present demonstrations of proposed solutions, and guide customers through implementation and deployment, resulting in successful customer adoption and business growth.
Developed and enforced infrastructure-as-code practices, automating the deployment process and improving operational efficiency within the organization. 
Implemented a SAFe Scaled Agile framework, ensuring team alignment and facilitating program level processes.
Developed and executed talent acquisition strategies, attracting and hiring top engineering talent globally, resulting in the formation of high-performing teams and driving business growth.
