Denis Davydov
Green Card holder
, (650) 229-30-65, Palo Alto, CA 
https://www.linkedin.com/in/mox512

Experienced Technical Program Manager (TPM) with a Masters degree in Computer and Information Science,  specialized in cloud infrastructure, especially within Google Cloud's IaaS, PaaS, and SaaS offerings. I have extensive experience managing implementation of high-load backends solutions and advocating Agile SDLC methodologies. As a servant leader for over 10 years, I've guided cross-functional teams, contributed to technical design, optimized business processes, and ensured the success of programs with a budget of $30m/year and over 100 members.
Technically, I'm skilled in virtualization, containerization, GCP, CI/CD, DevOps,distributed system’s solution architecture, and programming in C/C++, Java, and Python.
I take pride in leading the design, implementation, and timely launch of Google's customer-facing API security SaaS product, leveraging machine learning (ML) capabilities
EXPERIENCE
Principal Technical Program Manager at Google / EPAM		Apr 2022 - Apr 2023 
Led cross-function 30+ member team through NPI from ideation, design, implementation and product launch.  of new Customer facing Machine Learning (ML) SaaS security product under Google brand.
- Led the adoption of Agile software development methodologies, introducing sprint planning and retrospectives. As Scrum Master, drove Agile rituals and fostered a culture of continuous improvement, resulting in 18% increased engineering efficiency and increased delivery cadence.
- Pioneered implementation of engineering standards and processes such as continuous integration (CI), unit testing, automated testing, and code review workflows, Infrastructure as Code (IaC) to improve product quality and velocity, resulting in accelerated development cycles and improved customer satisfaction. 
- Engaged with technical leaders to pinpoint challenges, converting them into practical ML problems with effective solutions that boosted business outcomes. Skillfully conveyed intricate ML model concepts and results to both technical and non-technical stakeholders.
- Implemented data-driven decision-making processes, leveraging custom analytics reports in Tableau / Looker and critical path analysis in MS Project, to balance long-term vision with immediate business needs.
- Directed SW delivery with a strong focus on architectural principles, aiming to ensure scalability, flexibility, and seamless collaboration between teams. By strategically aligning technology choices and design decisions. 

Engineering Director at Google / EPAM					Apr 2017 - Mar 2022 
Managed flagship software engineering programs for Google of $20M annual budget and 100+ headcount from inception to general availability. 
- Model compliance with company policies and procedures and support company mission, values, and standards of ethics and integrity by incorporating these into the development and implementation of business plans; and demonstrating and assisting others with how to apply these in executing business processes and practices.
- Led cloud migration programs from assessment through planning, platform selection, ensured compliance, executed migration, monitored performance, and optimized costs. Implemented engineering standards and processes, leveraging Jenkins, Puppet, SonarQube and Git, to ensure the highest level of excellence in product quality and SW delivery velocity. 
- Partnered with internal stakeholders and Vendor Management to establish program governance, define a metrics-driven approach to KPI reporting, and drive data-informed executive decisions. This approach yielded enhanced speed, quality, and ROI. Actively identified and mitigated program risks and managed external dependencies.
- Implemented impactful open-source community engagement initiatives, driving collaboration and knowledge sharing with external developers. Resulted in a 30% increase in contributions to open-source projects hosted on GitHub, leading to significant growth in the ecosystem.

Senior Technical Program Manager at Amway / EPAM			Jul 2016 - Mar 2017
Led Omni-channel E-commerce implementation for Amway using the SAP Hybris e-commerce platform. Hired and managed a 90+ member team, launching the program and instituting robust SDLC, QA processes, and CI/CD. This leadership resulted in stable team performance, with 4 distributed teams operating seamlessly.
Technical Program Manager at MVideo / EPAM				Apr 2015 - Jun 2016
Led a 60+ member cross-functional team in the iterative implementation of Oracle ATG Web Commerce for MVideo, a leading Russian consumer electronics retailer. Achieved seamless integration with Oracle Siebel and successfully implemented a customer loyalty system resulting in 24% increase in DAU.
Engineering Team Lead at Gazprombank / EPAM			Jan 2013 - Mar 2015
Led a 15-member engineering team, focusing on new feature implementation and performance optimization of the enterprise serial bus using IBM WebSphere MQ for Gazprombank.
Head of System Analysis at Ugoria 					Mar 2012 - Dec 2012
Led the integration of data services from the All-Russian Insurance Association's API into Ugoria’s automotive underwriting process. This initiative culminated in the design and launch of a new insurance product, which garnered overwhelmingly positive feedback from customers.
Head of Business Analysis at BCS Financial Group			Oct 2010 - Feb 2012
Led a 6-member team of business analysts in refactoring and implementing front-desk processes and back-end processes for brokerage products, culminating in the business process design for new structured financial products.
Lead System Analyst at Verysell Holding					Sep 2008 - Sep 2010
Led discovery, requirement gathering, business process analysis, and UAT for SAP R/3 - FI module implementation.
Business Process Analyst at Parma Telecom				Oct 2007 - Aug 2008
Documented the AS-IS state, defined the TO-BE state, and implemented changes to the PMO processes at Lukoil Overseas.
Senior Software Engineer at Ladya Retail group				Oct 2002 - Sep 2007
Integrated floor equipment, including bar-code scanners and smart scales, into the ERP system. 
Implemented accounting and warehouse management modules for a retail chain.
EDUCATION
Master’s Degree at Perm State University / Russia. Major: Information and computer sciences. Minor: Radio Physics and Electronics. Graduation year: 2003
PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT
Google Cloud Certified Professional Cloud Architect					   2018
Certified SAFe 4 Agilist 									   2016
