Senior Manager, Project Management (External Customer Facing)
Aisera · Palo Alto, CA · Reposted 11 hours ago · 337 applicants
$150,000/yr - $200,000/yr  Full-timeMatches your job preferences, job type is Full-time.  Mid-Senior level
201-500 employees · Software Development
1 company alum works here
Skills: Key Performance Indicators, Project Management, +8 more

Apply

Save
Save Senior Manager, Project Management (External Customer Facing) at Aisera
Share
Show more options
Senior Manager, Project Management (External Customer Facing)
Aisera Palo Alto, CA

Apply

Save
Save Senior Manager, Project Management (External Customer Facing) at Aisera
Show more options
About the job
Aisera is a leading provider of AI Copilot solutions, utilizing AiseraGPT and Generative AI to facilitate business transformation and drive revenue growth through a self-service model. Aisera’s AI Copilot uses industry and domain-specific LLMs to deliver human-like experiences and auto-remediate requests through AI workflows. With 400+ integrations and 1200+ prebuilt workflows, customers achieve 75%+ automation and 90% cost reduction.

Aisera has received numerous recognitions, including the following: FastCompany Best Workplaces for Innovators; Inc 5000 Award for Fastest Growth; Forbes AI50; EY Entrepreneur of the Year 2023; CNBC Upstart 100 Top Startup; Gartner Cool Vendor; Red Herring Top 100 Global Innovator; CIO Innovation Startup Award; CIO Review Top ITSM Solution; and Silicon Review 50 Most Admired Companies.

Our seasoned founding team has led companies through several prior successful startups and acquisitions. We give our employees a lot of responsibility and ownership of their work, and we hire people from a very wide range of backgrounds and experience. Our team members operate with a high degree of empathy for our customers and each other.

Join our dynamic and fast-paced team and be a part of our journey to revolutionize the industry.

The Role: 

At Aisera, we’re building a world-class Customer Success team, where each individual loves to move fast, be challenged, and is obsessed with making our customers wildly successful. As a Senior Manager, Project Management, you will partner closely with internal teams to help bridge business and technology, helping customers realize the art of the possible with cutting-edge Conversational AI. Your job is to serve as the voice of the customer and do whatever it takes to assure they achieve their desired business outcomes with high satisfaction. You’ll be expected to be resourceful, a selfless team player, and regularly go above and beyond your “day job”. The upside is that this is a highly visible role with unbounded growth opportunities.

Responsibilities:

You will inherit a team of Technical Project Managers in the quest to scale and lead the Customer Success teams to deliver quality deployments on time
You are expected to learn the delivery lifecycle at Aisera and be able to manage projects on your own. This includes understanding the product, so that you can successfully lead your team.
You will be responsible for creating scalable methods, best practices, and relevant KPIs
Develop and mentor the team in order to build strong leadership skills
Develop reporting mechanisms that are scalable
Deep dive into areas that need attention; troubleshoot and bring structure to issues or department
Foresee dependencies, risks, and issues -- build the appropriate program framework for projects and programs to deliver quality
Define, drive, and lead weekly operating mechanisms and lead other cross-company projects when called upon
Get involved in anything that will help the department thrive
Work with the Sales team to understand forecasts and upcoming projects.
Forecast and deliver ARR for projects sold and eventually own a PS revenue stream


What Your team does:

Own and collaborate on onboarding projects and different customer initiatives from initiation to production
Report on the status of projects internally and externally.
Create and run cross-functional processes including: Project planning, Timeline & task tracking, resource assignment, change management, and Issue & Risk management.
Build trusted relationships with external partners as well as internal product and engineering teams that you’ll work with directly
Develop a deep understanding of our products, our technologies, and our partners, and use that knowledge to power your cross-functional work.
Make sure we don't drop the ball on any projects, initiatives, or commitments.
Identify process gaps in how we operate as an organization, and work with leadership to course-correct & streamline our internal delivery processes


Basic Qualifications:

At least 10 years professional experience in project management in Customer facing roles
At least 3 years in managing other Project Managers
Ability to create processes when there are none (or very limited)
A passion for customers and problem-solving, desire to go deep and become familiar with the customer’s technical and business environment
Extreme follow-through ability. You set the bar on ensuring things don't get dropped
Willingness to get in the weeds and make things happen
Comfortable in a startup environment, we move quickly and wear many hats in a dynamic environment
Strong cross-functional and creative collaboration skills, and willingness to act as project contributor, problem solve with stakeholders to address business problems, and go beyond task and status management
Self-awareness and a desire to continually improve
Bachelor’s or higher degree in computer science, engineering, or related technical field